Damn it, I actually passed through
This person is really my old burial peak
Not Lang Zheng Sanpin official
My grandfather Gao Tianlong is the elder of the three dynasties
The first person in the military
Blade
If you dare to kill the sheep, kill me first.
Humph
Son, the big money is not stable right now
There are traitors in power
Separation of vassals
There are Xiongnu eyeing outside
The Jade Emperor has just ascended the throne
Post the royal list in person
Recruit talents from all over the world
Policies for a powerful country
You take down this royal list yourself
That's the death penalty for beheading, shut up
If your performance is crazy by now
I sent him to the Golden Egg Hall
Maybe something will happen.
You come down
I'm not going to kill you tonight
If you don't give a reasonable explanation
The dog brother has to be beaten badly
Haier Lamb meets Father
In fact, children pick up Huangbao to make contributions
Restore the 100-year glory of my Gao family
It is not the power of impulse that restores glory
Hmph you bastard
At the age of 17, your hands were like flowers forever
One piece, two pieces, three or four pieces.
Four, five, six, seven.
Let me go high
Become a joke after a meal in Chang'an
Do you remember
18 years old
One hand looks at the big stone up close and looks at the big stone from a distance
Let my Gao family become the laughing stock of the capital again
Literary shame
You are 19 years old
Enter privately and accept His Majesty's call for meritocracy
It doesn't matter if you want to die
Did you know this
Will make all the Gao family become the trend wave
You say
What are you doing with a trash like you?